well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
the interviews who I'm going to
hopefully interview why how and what the
responses to the different suggested
candidates really tell us because that
might be surprising who literally
anybody running for president I mean
yeah there might be an exception
probably not gonna interviewed some dude
with red armband but just about anybody
else why because these people have a
large base of support from our neighbors
from people we know support each one of
these candidates I want to know why I
want to know who they are a little bit
about them it's really that simple no
big mystery there how and this is a
question that when it is thrown up it is
thrown up in a confrontational manner
most times the way I did with Marianne
Williamson conversationally I know
that's not real journalism a real
journalist should engage in hardball
questions
mmm-maybe rural journalists job is to
get to the truth hopefully I learned a
long time ago that when you're dealing
with people who are trained to withhold
the truth do you don't ask them pointed
questions because they're already
prepared for that they're ready for that
they know what they're going to say you
don't push them that way they
politicians have prepared answers to
questions you don't know to ask yet
about scandals that haven't been
uncovered they're ready for that you
want to get to the truth when you're
dealing with somebody who has trained to
withhold it you don't have to be
abrasive you just have to keep them
talking and eventually they'll tell you
even if they're not trying to withhold
the truth the key questions people want
answered they'll come up with Miss
Williams and one of the big questions
that everybody had was her views on
Medicine because it's come up
I didn't ask a question about it not one
but go back and listen to that video she
answered it in an offhand way and that
offhand comment is going to be more
reliably accurate about as to how she
truly films than any sound by ready
statement so no you won't see me
engaging in hardball questions it will
be conversational and it'll take time
like that one but one of the things I
noticed is that any time a candidate
comes up somebody else comes along and
says no don't interview that candidate
they did X where they said they were
going to do Y or whatever and there's a
valid reason to excuse every single
candidate from every single party from
holding that office you're right that's
what we that's what we find out when we
look at the information as a whole
presented by everybody when you take
each piece of information that's
presented that's the conclusion every
single one of them there's a reason to
say no you should not be trusted with
that much power yeah
it's almost as if nobody should be
trusted with that much power and that
the office has too much anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good night